Docsp 10662 v3.6 (#149)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/connection.txt

     - Specifies the logger level used by the driver. Valid choices are:
       ``error``, ``warn``, ``info``, and ``debug``.

   * - **maxPoolSize**
     - integer
     - ``10``

>      - **This option requires that you set the useUnifiedTopology option to true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - You must set the ``useUnifiedTopology`` option to **true** to use this option.
```

Reviewer: This also applies to the other instances.

Author: Thanks for the note. I agree that this phrasing is more linear, more imperative, and easier to understand. Will try and keep this in mind going forward.

Fix: https://github.com/mongodb/docs-node/pull/149/commits/e1cd138fc81b04e757e426e99a2027e8d6a69905

     - Specifies whether to establish a Transport Layer Security (TLS)
       connection with the instance. This is automatically set to ``true``
       when using a DNS seedlist (SRV) in the connection string. You can
       override this behavior by setting the value to ``false``.

   * - **useUnifiedTopology** 
     - boolean 
     - ``true``
     - Specifies whether to use the **unified topology** layer. To
       learn what the unified topology layer is and why it was introduced,
       see `this document <https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/3.6/docs/reference/content/reference/unified-topology/index.md>`__

>        produced by the MongoDB Node driver engineering team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       . 
```

Author: Thanks for the note. Discussed this suggestion on slack, and I agree it doesn't add much for users to mention the engineering team. Fix: https://github.com/mongodb/docs-node/pull/149/commits/6601707dfc483757b82c83aa2ca4ce3e001450f6
